[1] Is it compulsory to use javac command to get the .class file after compilation? 
no  , it is  not necessary to use javac command to get the .class , you can simply run the program by run method in different IDE.

[2] Can we overload main method in Java? 
 yes, we can overload the main method in java as follows:
 public static void main (String[]args);
 public static void main (String[]);
 public static void main (int number);

 [3] Define the terms JRE and JVM?
 JRE refferes to JAVA Runtime Environment. this is the runtime environment which is created on the time on code execution.
JVM reffers to Java virtual machiene which is used for code execution , which makes java fast too.

[4] Why Java is known as pure Object-Oriented language?  
java is a pure oop language because all the things are revolving around classes and objects in java , along with the acess modifiers and it also supports all the basics of oops.

[5] How to receive an integer value using command line argument?
 done in program .

[6]  Does return type play any role while overloading a method? Justify.
no , because it is majorly dependent upon name of the constructor and the parameters in it.

[7]  continue vs. break keyword. Why we need to write these two statements in our code? 
The continue keyword is used to skip the rest of the current iteration of a loop and proceed to the next iteration.
whereas in the case of break , the code immediately exits the loop .

[8]   Discuss the basic working of Conway’s Game of Life (CGOL). 
 This is a game in which a grid is considered and some basic rules are followed .
1: Birth : if three or more cells next to the dead cell are alive , the cell gets alive 
2: Survival : Till two or more neighbours are alive , theey too remain alive
3: Death : If less than two neighbours are alive , the cell dies

[9]Discuss Data Types in detail? Draw diagram and table of each data type with example. 
In Java, data types are categorized into two main types: primitive data types and reference data types. Here's a detailed explanation of each, including diagrams and tables to illustrate their characteristics.
1. Primitive Data Types
Primitive data types are the basic types built into the Java language. They represent simple values and are not objects. Java has eight primitive data types:

Data Type   	Size	Default Value	Description
byte	       8 bits	0	            Represents an 8-bit signed integer.
short	       16 bits	0	            Represents a 16-bit signed integer.
int	           32 bits	0	            Represents a 32-bit signed integer.
long	       64 bits	0L	            Represents a 64-bit signed integer.
float	       32 bits	0.0f	        Represents a 32-bit floating-point number.
double	       64 bits	0.0d	        Represents a 64-bit floating-point number.
char	       16 bits	'\u0000'      	Represents a single 16-bit Unicode character.
boolean	        1 bit	false	        Represents a boolean value (true or false).

[10]Write a program to find out whether the given number is Prime number or not. 

done in code